Add helper image `merger` to merge yaml files (#428)
capactio/capact: hack/images/merger/README.md

# inputs-merger

## Overview

> This folder contains Docker image with a helper for merging input parameters in manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the Docker image which merges multiple input YAML files into a single one.
```

> The Docker image consists a helper script, `merger.sh`. The script is an entrypoint of the image, and it is used to prefix and merge all yaml files found in `$SRC` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker image contains `merger.sh` helper script. The script is an entrypoint of the image, and it is used to prefix and merge all YAML files found in `$SRC` directory.
```

Each file is prefixed with a file name without extension.

## Installation

To build the Docker image, run this command:

```bash
docker build -t merger .
```

## Configuration

> You can configure the merger script passing the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the merger script by passing the following environment variables:
```

| Variable                  | Default      | Description                                      |
| ------------------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------ |

> | SRC                       | /yamls       | Path to the directory with yaml files.           |
> | OUT                       | /merged.yaml | Output file with prefixed and merged yaml files. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SRC                       | /yamls       | Path to the directory with YAML files.           |
| OUT                       | /merged.yaml | Output file with prefixed and merged YAML files. |
```
